# CS-340-Dashboard
I write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable by modularizing code and keep parts focused and concise. For this project, I created a CRUD python module to query the database and connect data to the frontend dashboard. This module made it easier to craft queries on the frontend by having the module represent the CRUD operations in their basic form. The authentication was also automatically done in the module, so I don’t have to write that for the frontend. The code for the module was written for each CRUD operation so that it only did what it was supposed to do, and give error feedback. This allowed the module to be more controllable, flexible, and readable. 

I approach problems as a computer scientist by following a general process of first messing around with the code, searching up the problem on stackoverflow, then if all else fails, look up the documentation of each operation I am implementing and see if the data is wired up properly. This differs slightly from my projects in other courses, where I might simply think about the problem and come up with a solution only with the tools I know. This project demanded more thought about what tools and data types I was working with. As a project grows and more tools are introduced, the more methodical, holistic, and intentional I have to be about how I go about debugging and implementing features. I would use this method in future projects, especially for full-stack projects that I will work on as part of my career.

Computer scientists and software developers help create data and communication solutions for all kinds of companies across almost all industries. The work I did in this project has given me a better idea of what kind of solutions we can come up with, and how it helps enterprises to do their work better. With this kind of project, a company like Grazioso Salvare can increase the volume and quality of their work by finding the exact data they need in a presentable, easy-to-navigate interface.
